README.md, before:

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br />
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br />
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `yarn test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br />
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br />
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br />
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `yarn eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

Commit message:

chore: update readme with new folder structure

README.md, after:

# Ordsky.no

This is the react frontend for Ordsky.no

## Structure

The application is structured as an MVP application.

There is a folder for each feature, with components and business logic used by multiple features located in the common folder.

### View

The view is located in the components folder and structured according to atomic design:

- Atoms: Pure and small UI components
- Molecules: Collection of atoms, may contain some UI logic
- Organisms: Distinc sections of UI, such as NAV. Collection of Molecules and Atoms
- Templates:

Some feature specific components are located in each feature folder.

### Presenter

The Page components act as presenters. The role of the presenter is to delegate logic to components.
There is one Page component in each feature folder.

### Services

The services folder contains the business logic and talks to the state.

Core business logic is found in the common/core folder.

### Model

The state folder contains the application state.

## Integrations

The app connects to an API hosted in AWS for the collaborative session feature.
Google Analytics is used for analytics.
